HTTP1 vs HTTP2:

HTTP2 is faster then HTTP1.Hypertext Transfer Protocol used for client side server communication.HTTP user sends a request to the server and the server sends the response to the user.
HTTTP1  created in 1997 and HTTP2 created in 2015.
HTTP1 is works on the textual format. a client sends text based request to a server by calling a method like GET OR POST in response the server sends a resourse like an HTML page back to the clint. the request uses the GET method,which ask for data from the host server listed after host in response to this request the example.com Web server returns a HTML page to the requesting clint in addition to any images,stylesheets or other resources called for int the HTML.
HTTP2 works on binary protocol was developed over the SPDY protocol and its uses HPACK which is used to split data from header.it compresses the header.the server sends all the other files like CSS and JS wihtout the resqust of the client using the PUSH frame.its allowd to multiplexing so one TCP connection is required for multiple requests.


Objects And Its Internal Representation In JavaScript:

Objects in javaSript its most important data type and forms the building blacks for modern JavaScript.these objects are quite diffrent from javaScript primitive data types(Nmbers,String,Boolean,null,Uundifined, symbol)in the sence that while these primitive data types all store a single value each depending on their types.
Objects are more complex and each object may contain any combination of these primitive data types as well as reference data types.an object is a refrence data type.variables that are assingned a reference value are given a refrence or a pointer to that value. that refrence or pointer points to the location in memory where the objects is stored. the variables don't actually store the value.

Objects and properties:

A javascript objects has properties associated wiht it. a proprty of an objects can be expalined as a variable that is attached to the object.object properties are basically the same as ordinary javascript variables expects for the attachment to objects.the properties of an object define the characterstics of the object.
